README.md, before:

# Bytech

add description here


[![PyPI license](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/ansicolortags.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/ansicolortags/)

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/as-seen-on-tv.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-by-developers.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-science.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/certified-snoop-lion.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/check-it-out.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/ctrl-c-ctrl-v.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/fo-real.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/gluten-free.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/its-not-a-lie-if-you-believe-it.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-c-sharp.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-reason.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/no-ragrets.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/powered-by-overtime.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/works-on-my-machine.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

Commit message:

Commiting after saving the file this time

README.md, after:

# Bytech
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/bythope/bytech?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/bythope/bytech?style=for-the-badge)
![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Bythope.BytechEngine?style=for-the-badge)

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/gluten-free.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/fo-real.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/powered-by-overtime.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-c-sharp.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10467454/95395271-8752d480-08fe-11eb-871d-8a3faccde207.png" align="right"
     alt="Size Limit logo by Anton Lovchikov" width="100">

<p style="height:100px">Bytech is an open source game development framework built on top of MonoGame. The main goal of this project is to provide developer friendly environment for fast prototyping cross-platform games, without writing platform specific code.</p>

---
## Getting started
